[Merged by Bors] - Add test_logger as feature to logging (#2586)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/setup.md

particularly useful for development but still a good way to ensure you have the
base dependencies.

The additional requirements for developers:
- [`ganache-cli`](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli). This is used to
  simulate the Eth1 chain during tests. You'll get failures during tests if you
  don't have `ganache-cli` available on your `PATH`.
- [`cmake`](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/install.html). Used by
  some dependencies. See [`Installation Guide`](./installation.md) for more info.
- [`java 11 runtime`](https://openjdk.java.net/projects/jdk/). 11 is the minimum,
  used by web3signer_tests.

## Nomenclature

> - **\<rr\>** Repo Root. Example, if you `git clone https://github.com/sigp/lighthouse.git ~/eth2-lighthouse`

Reviewer: This looks a little bit like a stray HTML tag in the rendered docs. I like the repo root concept but I think it's usually clear from context that e.g. `beacon_node/beacon_chain` means to start from the repo root. This is the convention used by the Rust compiler itself, and I think is likely to be widely understood.

Author: OK

  then the directory `~/eth2-lighthouse` is **\<rr\>**.

## Using `make`

> We also wrap some of these commands and expose them via the `Makefile` in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands to run the test suite are available via the `Makefile` in the
```

Author: Done

test decode::impls::tests::awkward_fixed_length_portion ... ok
test decode::impls::tests::invalid_h256 ... ok
<snip>
test encode::tests::test_encode_length ... ok
test encode::impls::tests::vec_of_vec_of_u8 ... ok
test encode::tests::test_encode_length_above_max_debug_panics - should panic ... ok

test result: ok. 27 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.00s

     Running tests/tests.rs (target/debug/deps/tests-f8fb1f9ccb197bf4)

running 20 tests
test round_trip::bool ... ok
test round_trip::first_offset_skips_byte ... ok
test round_trip::fixed_len_excess_bytes ... ok
<snip>
test round_trip::vec_u16 ... ok
test round_trip::vec_of_vec_u16 ... ok

test result: ok. 20 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.00s

   Doc-tests ssz

running 3 tests
test src/decode.rs - decode::SszDecoder (line 258) ... ok
test src/encode.rs - encode::SszEncoder (line 57) ... ok
test src/lib.rs - (line 10) ... ok

test result: ok. 3 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.15s$ cargo test -p eth2_ssz
```

#### test_logger

_I suspect this is not the right place for this documtation, but I think it

> would be good if it was discoverable and "all" developers will see it here_

Reviewer: I think this a fine spot for this content

Reviewer: We should delete this paragraph before merging

Author: Done

> The test_logger, located in <rr>/common/logging/ can be used to create a `Logger` that by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test_logger, located in `common/logging/` can be used to create a `Logger` that by
```

Author: Done

> default returns a NullLogger. But if `--features 'logging/test_logger' is passed while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default returns a NullLogger. But if `--features 'logging/test_logger'` is passed while
```

Author: Done
